React and Redux application .

React -

1. react is a library to make single page applications.

Redux-

1. problem with React .
    - Everything is a component
    - in a complex application we have a lot of components
    - Every component has a state assosciated with it
    - In complex applications it becomes difficult to manage them
2. The solution to all the problems is through an architecture Redux.



Github-URl - https://github.com/buckyroberts/React-Redux-Boilerplate

Overview of Redux -

1. A React application is broken into components .
2. Each component comes with a  bit of memory called states.
3. State defines how your component will be displayed.
4. now this is the pain when you have so many different components floating around and you wonder how to connect them.
5. What if we ccan take all the component states and combine them into 1 big JS object.

STORE (PART 1)
This is the part of architecture called STORE -> It still takes teh same amount of memeory ->
Its just that we are managing it in a better way.

So , now all the states and data are in STORE and no longer available with the individual components .
So, how do we provide these data to the individual components .

PROVIDER (PART 2)

provides all teh states to the respective components .
But, doesnt provide it directly to the Components
It provides it to the Container

(STORE + PROVIDEER ) part of Redux

Container is teh glue b/w redux and react

So , we coverde STORE -> PROVIDER -> CONTAINER -> COMPONENT

ACTION(PART 5)

whenever user does some action , event handling
90% times it is generated by user

So, an ACTION is supposed to change the data (STORE)

REDUCERS(PART 7)

listens to teh action and update part of teh STORE(application data)

START THE PROJECT -::

1. We will use Webpack
    - Kind of like Gulp,Grunt
    - Build tool
    - Buils a development server and it refreshes live
    - converts jsx to JS
    - converts scss to normal css
    - So, they can be displayed in browser

2.import baby-polyfill -> Take code and make it backward compatible with older browsers.